Removing special declaration of instances with `Context` outside sections in `Module Type` (#18254)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/02-specification-language/18254-master+def-in-context-instance-in-modtype.rst

- **Changed:**

>   Definitions done using :cmd:`Context` outside a section in a

Reviewer: Maybe we could emphasize that this is about definitions (ie with `:= body`) vs assumptions, I got confused for a bit.

Author: You mean something like that:
```suggestion
  Declarations of the form `id := body` in :cmd:`Context` outside a section in a
```

Reviewer: yes

  :cmd:`Module Type` do not any more try to declare a class

>   instance. Assumptions bound to a class and declared using

Reviewer: "bound to a class" sounds wrong, it's more "whose type is a class" no?

Author: I was not satisfied either. Your suggestion is ok to me.
